# Team 9 Meeting Minutes 
# Meeting Details:
## Date: 
November 6, 2024

## Participants:
Tia Murdoch, Asmita Jain, Annie Saint, Pamela Peng, Claire Rollins

## Agenda Items
- Done by Tia
  1. Alpha and Beta diversity 
    
- To-Do
  1. DESEQ2 -> Annie and Tia. Hans suggests AnCom or Aldex2 (log ratios) over DESEq2.
  2. PICRUSt2 -> Asmita and Pam Updates. Issues with R visualizations

Notes:
- Presentations on Dec 3 and 5
- Only 2-4 Meetings left!
- Literature review for taxonomy
- Optional Meeting next week. Wednesday 11-2 or after 2:45pm, Thursday before 10:15 or after 12 till 2pm.
- Put codes on GitHub
- Use ms_metadata_final_2
  
